The menu package you'll find in this release is derived from the RTL
menu package, version 2.0. RTL is currently at revision level 3, which
no doubt fixes many of the bugs in version 2, but I cannot easily update 
to it. Here's why:

The RTL menus, as they come "out of the box" give you the ability
to create hierarchical walking menus. Each pane is in a fixed font
and can have, in addition to text, a check mark (denoting some boolean
condition), an arrow (denoting an adjacent pull-right menu) or grey-stippled
text (denoting a disabled item). This was almost ideal for my purposes
since I needed checkmarks for boolean variables and arrows for pull-right
menus (not to mention the pull-right menus themselves). However, since
awm tries hard to present a pictoral interface (with gadget boxes and
the like), it was necessary to make modifications to the menu package
to support:

o Arbitrary pixmaps in menus panes, rather than just text.

o A "bold" font for panes that is used for menu titles (which users
  of uwm, awm's predecessor, had come to expect).

o The removal of the "all menu panes must be the same height" restriction
  to accomodate the two features mentioned above.


There were also a number of internel changes, such as the removal of
the AssocTable code that forced a dependence on the X10 compatability
library. The positioning of the pointer within windows and the positioning
of the pull-right menus themselves was also changed somewhat, since
using the menu package from a window manager required that the menu
package be a little less exacting about things and give the user more
room for error.

Finally, there were a few changes made for the window manager itself,
such as support for the "AutoSelect" mode people had come to know
and love(?) from uwm.


If anyone feels ambitious enough to reverse-engineer these changes into
RTL's version 3 package, or to author a totally new menu package with
the features I need, I'll be more than happy to adopt it. In the mean
time, I have other issues which are, unfortunately, more pressing.


					Jordan Hubbard
